README.md, before:

# Canya

Canya is a VST3 software synthesizer built with the JUCE framework.  
It combines sound synthesis with optional AI-based preset generation.

---

## Features

- Oscillator (sine, square, saw, triangle)
- ADSR envelope
- FIR filter (windowed sinc)
- LFO modulation (e.g. tremolo)
- Text-to-preset generation using OpenAI API
- Real-time safe architecture (separate audio and UI threads)

---

## Requirements

- JUCE
- C++ compiler (C++17 or newer)
- Projucer
- OpenAI API key (only if using AI preset generation)

---

## API Key Setup

To use AI preset generation, open `Secrets.h` and replace the placeholder with your own OpenAI API key:

```cpp
inline const char* getOpenAIKey()
{
    return "YOUR_OPENAI_API_KEY_HERE";
}
```

## Build Instructions

1. Open the `.jucer` project file in Projucer.
2. If prompted, set the correct JUCE modules path.
3. Export the project for your target platform (Visual Studio, Xcode, or Makefile).
4. Build the project:
   - In Visual Studio or Xcode: build in **Release** configuration.
   - When using the generated Makefile: open a terminal in the project’s `Builds/LinuxMakefile` directory and run:

     ```bash
     make CONFIG=Release
     ```

5. After a successful build, locate the compiled `.vst3` file in the build output directory.
6. Copy the `.vst3` file to your system’s VST3 plugin folder and load it in your DAW.

Commit message:

Knob images and slight changes to README

README.md, after:

# Canya

Canya is a VST3 software synthesizer built with the JUCE framework.  
It combines sound synthesis with optional AI-based preset generation.

---

## Features

- Oscillator (sine, square, saw, triangle)
- ADSR envelope
- FIR filter (windowed sinc)
- LFO modulation (e.g. tremolo)
- Text-to-preset generation using OpenAI API
- Real-time safe architecture (separate audio and UI threads)

---

## Requirements

- JUCE
- C++ compiler (C++17 or newer)
- Projucer
- OpenAI API key (only if using AI preset generation)

---

## API Key Setup

To use AI preset generation, open `Secrets.h` and replace the placeholder with your own OpenAI API key:

```cpp
inline const char* getOpenAIKey()
{
    return "YOUR_OPENAI_API_KEY_HERE";
}
```

## Build Instructions

1. Open the `.jucer` project file in Projucer.
2. If prompted, set the correct JUCE modules path.
3. Export the project for your target platform (Visual Studio, Xcode, or Makefile).
4. Paste images from Images folder to your desktop (knob1.png and knob2.png).
5. Build the project:
   - In Visual Studio or Xcode: build in **Release** configuration.
   - When using the generated Makefile: open a terminal in the project’s `Builds/LinuxMakefile` directory and run:

     ```bash
     make CONFIG=Release
     ```

6. After a successful build, locate the compiled `.vst3` file in the build output directory.
7. Copy the `.vst3` file to your system’s VST3 plugin folder and load it in your DAW.
